# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`profile_email`](#profile_email): Basic email and SMTP setup

## Classes

### <a name="profile_email"></a>`profile_email`

Basic email and SMTP setup

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_email
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile_email` class:

* [`canonical_aliases`](#canonical_aliases)
* [`inet_interfaces`](#inet_interfaces)
* [`mydomain`](#mydomain)
* [`myorigin`](#myorigin)
* [`mynetworks`](#mynetworks)
* [`relayhost`](#relayhost)
* [`root_mail_target`](#root_mail_target)
* [`smtpd_tls_security_level`](#smtpd_tls_security_level)
* [`virtual_aliases`](#virtual_aliases)
* [`required_pkgs`](#required_pkgs)

##### <a name="canonical_aliases"></a>`canonical_aliases`

Data type: `Optional[ String ]`

Text content for the file /etc/postfix/canonical.

##### <a name="inet_interfaces"></a>`inet_interfaces`

Data type: `Array[String[1]]`

List of additional network interface addresses that this mail system receives mail on.

##### <a name="mydomain"></a>`mydomain`

Data type: `String[1]`

Email domain this host is a part of. Usually just the FQDN without hostname.

##### <a name="myorigin"></a>`myorigin`

Data type: `String[1]`

Email domain that locally-posted mail appears to come from.

##### <a name="mynetworks"></a>`mynetworks`

Data type: `Array[String[1]]`

List of IPs and/or subnet CIDRs of trusted network SMTP clients.

##### <a name="relayhost"></a>`relayhost`

Data type: `String[1]`

SMTP server to which all remote messages should be sent.

##### <a name="root_mail_target"></a>`root_mail_target`

Data type: `Optional[ String ]`

To where should root mail be sent.
Mutually exclusive with virtual_aliases.

##### <a name="smtpd_tls_security_level"></a>`smtpd_tls_security_level`

Data type: `String[1]`

SMTP TLS security level for the Postfix SMTP server.
See https://www.postfix.org/postconf.5.html#smtpd_tls_security_level

##### <a name="virtual_aliases"></a>`virtual_aliases`

Data type: `Optional[ String ]`

Text content for the file /etc/postfix/virtual.
Mutually exclusive with root_mail_target.

##### <a name="required_pkgs"></a>`required_pkgs`

Data type: `Array[ String[1] ]`



